Bokoblin Horn
The severed horn of a Bokoblin, a creature often encountered on the plains of Hyrule. It isn't edible, but it can be tossed into a stew with some critters to make an elixir.
Bokoblin Fang
A tooth obtained from a Bokoblin. It's worn down and not very sharp, but it's still pretty hard. Cook it alongside a critter to make an elixir.
Bokoblin Guts
A rare material obtained by defeating a Bokoblin. It convulses on its own every now and then, which is really creepy, but perhaps it has a use.
Moblin Horn
This splendid horn once grew atop the head of a Moblin. It can't be used in normal food recipes, but it does have some use as an ingredient in making elixirs.
Moblin Fang
A sharp fang obtained from a Moblin. It's too hard to be reshaped into a tool, but it can be tossed into a stew with some critters to create elixirs.
Moblin Guts
This prized ingredient can be obtained from Moblins. Its odor is too pungent for normal food preparation, but stew it with some critters to make elixirs.
Lizalfos Horn
This winding horn once grew atop the head of a Lizalfos. It's too hard to use for cooking, but stores are willing to buy it from you. It can also be used to make elixirs.
Lizalfos Talon
This talon once grew from the elbow of a Lizalfos. You can stew it with critters to make elixirs, but it may have some other uses, as well.
Lizalfos Tail
The severed tail of a Lizalfos. It continues to wriggle even after being separated from its body. That kind of vitality makes it highly valued as an ingredient in elixirs.
Icy Lizalfos Tail
The severed tail of an Ice-Breath Lizalfos. Its hard scales and flesh make it unsuitable for cooking, but it's perfect for making elixirs.
Red Lizalfos Tail
The severed tail of a Fire-Breath Lizalfos. Its flavor makes the flesh inedible, but toss it into a stew with some critters, and you'll have yourself a nice elixir.
Yellow Lizalfos Tail
The severed tail of an Electric Lizalfos. Its powerful stench makes it unappetizing and unfit for cooking, but it's highly valued as an ingredient for elixirs.
Lynel Horn
The Lynel this horn once grew upon surely misses it. It's exceptionally hard — so hard that most blades cannot scratch it. Throw it into a stew with critters to make elixirs.
Lynel Hoof
This rare ingredient can be obtained only from a Lynel's foot. It's larger and heavier than a horse's hoof. It's useful for making elixirs but may have uses beyond that.
Lynel Guts
This highly sought-after ingredient can only be obtained from a Lynel. It pulses with the vitality of a Lynel, a strength that makes it invaluable as an ingredient for elixirs.
Chuchu Jelly
A gelatinous substance that came from a Chuchu. It's unusable in this state, but applying a bit of elemental stimulation will change its form.
White Chuchu Jelly
A jiggly substance that came from an Ice Chuchu. It's cool to the touch, and squeezing it seems to relieve stress. If struck, it will explode in a cold mist.
Red Chuchu Jelly
A jiggly substance that normally comes from a Fire Chuchu. It consistently gives off heat. If struck, it will explode in a ball of flame.
Yellow Chuchu Jelly
A jiggly substance that came from an Electric Chuchu. Electricity pulses through its gelatinous mass. If struck, it will explode in a burst of electric current.
Keese Wing
The wing of a Keese. It's covered with very short, sharp fur. It's not much use by itself, but you can mix it with critters to make something useful.
Ice Keese Wing
A rare Ice Keese wing. Its frozen surface gleams attractively, but its usefulness isn't readily apparent.
Fire Keese Wing
A rare Fire Keese wing. There isn't enough Fire Keese attached to it to burn you, but it does have a slight warmth to it. It can be used as an ingredient for elixirs.
Electric Keese Wing
A rare Electric Keese wing. The part of the Electric Keese that produces electricity is not in its wings, so it won't shock you. Toss it in with some critters to make elixirs.
Keese Eyeball
A rare material dropped by a defeated Keese. It's fun to look at, but it doesn't seem to have much use at first glance. But it must be good for something...
Octorok Tentacle
This can only be obtained from an Octorok-type enemy. It's too acidic for cooking, but it's highly valued as an ingredient for elixirs.
Octorok Eyeball
This can only be obtained from an Octorok-type enemy. You can sell it to a store, or you can make elixirs with it, but it may have other uses, as well.
Octo Balloon
This inflatable Octorok organ has a lot of lift, so attach it to items you want to see float. Hold it in your hands, and then place it on an object to attach it.
Molduga Fin
A sturdy fin obtained from a Molduga. It can be used to make elixirs, but there may be someone willing to trade for it.
Molduga Guts
A giant organ obtained from a Molduga. This invaluable ingredient is hard to come by, and its use is shrouded in mystery.
Hinox Toenail
A nail obtained from a Hinox. It's as thick as a plate of armor and can be stewed with critters to make elixirs.
Hinox Tooth
A tooth obtained from a Hinox. It's so large, it's hard to believe it's a real tooth. It can be used to make elixirs.
Hinox Guts
A giant, smelly Hinox organ of unknown function. Upon close inspection, it appears to be quivering. It can be used to make an elixir, but some say it has other uses, as well.
Ancient Screw
A screw used in ancient machinery. It's made of an unknown material, and no matter how many times it's turned, its threads never seem to show signs of wear.
Ancient Spring
A spring used in ancient machinery. It is light and buoyant enough to float on water, and no matter how many times it's compressed, it never loses tension.
Ancient Gear
A gear used in ancient machinery. Despite being incredibly old, its build quality is leaps and bounds above anything built using current technology.
Ancient Shaft
A machine part used in ancient machinery. It's incredibly sturdy, and it's not made of any recognizable material. It may come in handy someday.
Ancient Core
This crystal was made using lost technology. At one time it was the power source for ancient machines. This item is very valuable to researchers.
Giant Ancient Core
A giant energy crystal made using lost ancient technology. Cores this large are an extremely rare find. A researcher would probably know how to use this.
Dinraal's Scale
This precious scale fell from the red spirit Dinraal. It emanates a great heat. You can use it in cooking, but just eating it seems like a waste.
Naydra's Scale
This precious scale fell from the blue spirit Naydra. It contains a bitter cold within. You can use it in cooking, but just eating it seems like a waste.
Farosh's Scale
This precious scale fell from the golden spirit Farosh. It contains powerful electricity within. You can cook with it, but just eating it seems like a waste.
Dinraal's Claw
This valuable claw was plucked from the red spirit Dinraal. It was extremely hot before it was removed. You could sell it to a store, but it must have some other use.
Naydra's Claw
This valuable claw was plucked from the blue spirit Naydra. It was freezing cold before it was removed. You could sell it, but there must be some other use for it.
Farosh's Claw
This claw was plucked from the golden spirit Farosh. Its electricity was expelled before it was removed, so it's safe to handle. A store will buy it, but it must have some other use.
Shard of Dinraal's Fang
This shard fell from the red spirit Dinraal's fang. It's exceptionally hard and therefore impossible to process, but apparently it can be used as a material for something.
Shard of Naydra's Fang
This shard fell from the blue spirit Naydra's fang. It's much harder than any metal, so it's impossible to process. Yet rumors say it can be used as a material for something.
Shard of Farosh's Fang
This shard fell from the golden spirit Farosh's fang. It's so hard, hammers bounce right off it, so it's impossible to process. Yet rumors say it does have some use as a material.
Shard of Dinraal's Horn
This shard chipped and fell off the red spirit Dinraal. Its horn is said to be the crystallized power of fire itself. It sells for a high price, but rumors say there's some other use for it.
Shard of Naydra's Horn
This shard chipped and fell off the blue spirit Naydra. It's said the horn is the crystallized power of ice itself. It sells for quite a bit, but rumors say it has some other use.
Shard of Farosh's Horn
This shard fell off the golden spirit Farosh. It's said the horn is the crystallized power of electricity itself. It sells for a lot, but there must be some other use for it.
Miscellaneous Wood
"A portable bundle of wood. You can use this to make a campfire if you have something to light it."
Flint
"Strike it with a metallic weapon to generate a spark. This portable fire starter breaks after one use, but it can create a long-lasting flame if you use it near firewood."
Rock Salt
"Crystallized salt from the ancient sea commonly used to season meals. Cannot be eaten in this form."
Luminous Stone
"This mysterious mineral gives off a pale blue glow in the dark, which some believe to be souls of the dead. Apparently, this stone can be used as a base to make special clothing."
Amber
"A fossilized resin with a caramelesque sheen to it. It's been valued as a component in decorations and crafting since ancient times."
Opal
"A valuable ore that gives off a mesmerizing iridescence similar to the inside of a seashell. It contains the power of water."
Topaz
"This precious yellow gem contains the power of electricity. It's been known to fetch a high price since ancient times."
Ruby
"A precious red gem mined from large ore deposits found throughout Hyrule. Rubies contain the power of fire and have fetched a high price since ancient times."
Sapphire
"A precious blue gem mined from natural rock formations. Sapphires contain the very essence of ice. They've been known to fetch a high price since ancient times."
Diamond
"The most precious gem one can find in Hyrule, its signature sparkle has charmed Hyruleans for generations. As such, it has sold for a very high price since ancient times."
Star Fragment
"A mysterious stone fragment that fell from the sky. It looks like it would fetch a good price, but you may able to use it in certain recipes as well."
